Project Title: Blockchain House Uganda
Region: Central, Kampala
Sector: Blockchain
Country: Uganda
Estimated start date: 25/06/ 2020
Sector: Education and development in Blockchain
Estimated budget Total: $6600

Overview
Blockchain House Uganda will be center for creating Blockchain and crypto awareness, adoption, educational materials and other opportunities to the local communities of Uganda.
There are many emerging blockchain Use cases, however most of them are very complex to be understood by local communities.
We have come up with strategies that will help to break the complicity to through providing blckchain educational materials and courses, developing simpler use cases that can be used by any one in our country.
Our Blockchain House will primarily be used as;
· Workspace/dev hub to create our own dedicated tools
· Event space for educational courses and Meetups
· Internship opportunities for University students
· Happy pay remittance
· The house itself will have fait exchange to sustain the rent of our house

GOALS
Create a local blockchain developers community in our region
• Prepare our own local bockchain uses cases that can solve some problems in our country
• Spread Crypto awareness to local communities
• Create Job opportunities
• Have a community that Understands the Basics of Blockchain hence reduce on scam and Myths through meetups and events hosted on our house

CHALLENGES 
It is always a problem organizing and maintaining a Blockchain community without a specific place, however most of the times Social media is Used to keep in contact.
For development purposes an open space is needed where a group of Blockchain enthusiast can always meet to share ideas, and grow together. There are a lot of Myths about Crypto space due to lack of sensitization, complex Use cases, Low awareness and understanding among our community members.
For example some local members find it difficult using an exchange to convert Fait to crypto currency and vice versa, moreover, having an account on a crypto exchange since most of them are centralized, they require KYC and in most cases the KYC is not easy to complete hence sometimes this is against privacy and security.
The current modes of payments including Mobile money payment systems all over the country have high transaction fees, including the tax with was recently added on by the government.
There are a lot of people deep in the villages who are still Un banked, even with the latest technology of mobile Banking, not everyone down in these villages has access to smart phones and Data
SOLUTIONS
1. The Blockchain House will be used as a center of education/meetup hosting to sensitize the local people about blockchain technologies.
2. Work space for developers where they will regularly meetup together to build on use cases that can be used by local members
3. Developing a blockchain remittance system that can use USSD codes to convert crypto to Fait without registering on exchanges, send and receive cryptos using USSD codes.
4. Regular workshops and Hackthons to grow a local blockchain community

TEAM MEMBERS
MURIIA JULIAN (muriisakjulian@gmail.com)
MBASA RICHARD (richardmbasak@gmail.com)
AYEBARE JUSTUS (ayebarejustus2001@gmail.com)


TARGET MARKET
	Business people
	Students
	Tourists
	Financial Institutions
	Companies

BUDGET
ITEM	AMOUNT
Registration	$500
Rent  (1 year)	$2000
Computers (5) @300$ 	$1500 
Internet Connections & subscription  (1 year) 	$900 
Projector	$600
Furniture	$500
Total	$6600

